ah
good your solids to a new video already
the new free dlc of
online gta from 7 to 5 online and good
keep watching in the background then in some
blows that are two hours the kitchen and
also that you are seeing then the
new weapons vehicles and others that have
taken out I say that in principle well how much
It's worth every vehicle
basically because we have truth I throw it
over here because I have it and well there is a
pretty pretty important car and
well really good it seems that the
well let's start with the first
pegas and osiris costs good for first
not for the one that is the most direct
ph or if it costs them 1,950,000 the
benefactor styling gt 975,000 the dawn ni
virgo 195,000 and the windsor hay of
845,000 really blocks more pasta worth
are the helicopter and the new
and the luxor logo costs a lot of money
in luxor deluxe it costs 10 million and the
swiss deluxe which is a helicopter in 5
million 150 thousand is a real whore
a lot of what is good then
appears also in this dlc you will have
Pretty new clothes and may they leave
this asks we will put a never ground
teach it in Naples I want to move it
important that are weapons cars and
other than what I really imagine
and other interests you as I say is already
available for all then 3 x 360 pc
ps4 and xbox one would be in all then
on all platforms have taken
put them in all but finally it's already
on any platform that you want
if you want to download it
and else
and good little thing more the truth
really that is because such thing else does not
they have taken out more and changed me senna playable
like that, you know, I guess they'll go
taking more free dlc you know that
rockstar said that for xbox 360 pc
some that others would not fall some that
others will not come out and we will see that yes
that has gone by luck and we will see to see
which ends up being the one that is going to be a
reputed good to remember that all these
vehicles in the story mode are free
so good nothing more guys that has
been all in a but you liked the
next video chao
yes